Earlier we discussed how important it is to focus on the algorithm
of these design patterns versus on code syntax, etc.
So similar to the prior exercise,
the rate-limiting exercise is going to call upon
your skill to complete code without focusing too much on the syntax,
but really the essence of the algorithm.
On the slide here, you see that there is an outline for a function modifier.
As always it starts off with using safe math in the contract,
there is then a variable called "Enabled",
and that is initialized with the block timestamp.
Now, what you need to do is to provide the code for the modifier.
The modifier is called rate limit,
and it accepts one parameter, time.
If you look lower down in the slide,
there is a function called safeWithdraw which takes one parameter of an amount,
and this uses the rate limit function modifier with a perimeter of 30 minutes.
Now, the code that would be there in
the safeWithdraw function is not germane to this exercise,
and so we can ignore that.
You need to focus solely on the code for the modifier,
and ensure that it is not possible for safeWithdraw or any other function
that uses this modifier to be called more frequently than in this case 30 minutes.